Mort's Minions (iOS) a Retro RPG Adventure - Available Now!

Available Now! Introducing Mort's Minions, a retro RPG adventure built for iOS (iPhone and iPad) released by Base11 Studios, Ltd. 

You are a leader of your people, the rulens. You're on a quest to understand the mysterious attack of a race your people have lived in harmony with for years, the minions. Travel the 4 worlds, defeat your enemy and look for clues to the origin of the new conflict.

“I wanted to build a game my friends and family who don’t play games would enjoy, but with the depth of customization, reward, and replay-ability found in games that I love. The game offers something for everyone - multiple worlds, levels and characters, a simple concept and intuitive user experience, an evolving skill system, lots of rewards and an engaging storyline. The result is Mort's Minions, a game I have loved creating and love playing and I know you will too." - Dan Bellinski, creator of Mort's Minions.

Players complete levels by dodging and defeating minions, complete challenges by doing one of over 15 different tasks, earn achievements and get ranked on leaderboards in Game Center.

Features:
* 64 Levels - Travel the 4 worlds, Terra, Aqua, Ignis and Astra on a quest to uncover the mysterious minion attack. 
* 4 Unique Characters - Play as Jim the Warrior, May the Archer, Leonard the Monk or Gary the Mage. 5 skills per character.
* Engaging Skill System - Progress through the game to upgrade your skills. Reset your skills to change your strategy anytime! 30 upgrades per character.
* Challenging - Replay levels to complete different challenges. Track your progress through Game Center achievements and leaderboards.

Mort's Minions is currently available in the iOS App Store.

ABOUT THE DEVELOPER
Dan Bellinski, independent developer and sole creator of Mort's Minions, is passionate about mobile development and user experience design. Mort's Minions is his first game to hit the App Store. The game was developed entirely in his free time. Dan is a co-owner of Base11 Studios, Ltd. Support indie development and give it a try!

CONTACT
Dan Bellinski 
dan@mortsminions.com

PRESS KIT
http://www.mortsminions.com/press-kit

WEBSITE
http://www.mortsminions.com

TRAILER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e-3oVmg-Iw
